One of the most confusing terminology issues to stream processing newcomers is
understanding the difference between a stream processing stream,
and a stream processing table.
I'm just going to refer to them as a Stream,
and Table from here on out.
We'll cover the differences in depth in this section,
but the key difference is that a Table imply state and aggregation of some kind whereas
a Stream is a never ending immutable series of ordered events.
Let's just repeat that. Table is an aggregated view,
and a Stream is a never ending series of events.
Both Streams and Tables are important to stream processing application.
So let's learn more about how they're used